com/example/sampleproject/Models/TapManModel.java
 com.example.sampleproject.Models.TapManModel
com/example/sampleproject/Adapters/ScoreAdapter.java
 com.example.sampleproject.Adapters.ScoreAdapter
com/example/sampleproject/LevelList.java
 com.example.sampleproject.LevelList
 com.example.sampleproject.LevelList$1
com/example/sampleproject/SplashActivity.java
 com.example.sampleproject.SplashActivity
 com.example.sampleproject.SplashActivity$1
com/example/sampleproject/Adapters/LevelListAdapter.java
 com.example.sampleproject.Adapters.LevelListAdapter
com/example/sampleproject/SupportClasses/Constants.java
 com.example.sampleproject.SupportClasses.Constants
com/example/sampleproject/SupportClasses/ButtonAttribute.java
 com.example.sampleproject.SupportClasses.ButtonAttribute
com/example/sampleproject/SupportClasses/TimeRecorder.java
 com.example.sampleproject.SupportClasses.TimeRecorder
 com.example.sampleproject.SupportClasses.TimeRecorder$1
com/example/sampleproject/UserInfo.java
 com.example.sampleproject.UserInfo
com/example/sampleproject/LevelGrid.java
 com.example.sampleproject.LevelGrid
 com.example.sampleproject.LevelGrid$1
com/example/sampleproject/SupportClasses/JamesUtilities.java
 com.example.sampleproject.SupportClasses.JamesUtilities
com/example/sampleproject/Helper/SQLHelper.java
 com.example.sampleproject.Helper.SQLHelper
com/example/sampleproject/Adapters/GridAdapter.java
 com.example.sampleproject.Adapters.GridAdapter
com/example/sampleproject/TapTorial.java
 com.example.sampleproject.TapTorial
 com.example.sampleproject.TapTorial$1
 com.example.sampleproject.TapTorial$2
com/example/sampleproject/Models/Score.java
 com.example.sampleproject.Models.Score
com/example/sampleproject/SimonSays.java
 com.example.sampleproject.SimonSays
 com.example.sampleproject.SimonSays$1
 com.example.sampleproject.SimonSays$2
 com.example.sampleproject.SimonSays$3
 com.example.sampleproject.SimonSays$4
 com.example.sampleproject.SimonSays$4$1
 com.example.sampleproject.SimonSays$5
 com.example.sampleproject.SimonSays$6
com/example/sampleproject/HangMan.java
 com.example.sampleproject.HangMan
 com.example.sampleproject.HangMan$1
 com.example.sampleproject.HangMan$2
com/example/sampleproject/Level2.java
 com.example.sampleproject.Level2
 com.example.sampleproject.Level2$1
 com.example.sampleproject.Level2$2
com/example/sampleproject/ReactionGraph.java
 com.example.sampleproject.ReactionGraph
com/example/sampleproject/Models/Song.java
 com.example.sampleproject.Models.Song
com/example/sampleproject/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.sampleproject.BuildConfig
com/example/sampleproject/SupportClasses/DBHelper.java
 com.example.sampleproject.SupportClasses.DBHelper
com/example/sampleproject/TicTacToe.java
 com.example.sampleproject.TicTacToe
 com.example.sampleproject.TicTacToe$1
 com.example.sampleproject.TicTacToe$2
com/example/sampleproject/ReactionTap.java
 com.example.sampleproject.ReactionTap
 com.example.sampleproject.ReactionTap$1
 com.example.sampleproject.ReactionTap$2
 com.example.sampleproject.ReactionTap$3
 com.example.sampleproject.ReactionTap$MyState
com/example/sampleproject/NameThatSong.java
 com.example.sampleproject.NameThatSong
 com.example.sampleproject.NameThatSong$1
 com.example.sampleproject.NameThatSong$2
com/example/sampleproject/MainActivity.java
 com.example.sampleproject.MainActivity
 com.example.sampleproject.MainActivity$1
 com.example.sampleproject.MainActivity$2
 com.example.sampleproject.MainActivity$3
com/example/sampleproject/ViewScores.java
 com.example.sampleproject.ViewScores
 com.example.sampleproject.ViewScores$1
